Add changelog and docs for Singleton Functions (#1149)
inngest/website: pages/docs/guides/singleton.mdx

<ImageTheme
  dark={'/assets/docs/features/inngest-functions/flow-control/singleton-functions/diagram.png'}
  light={'/assets/docs/features/inngest-functions/flow-control/singleton-functions/diagram.png'}
  className="my-0"
  alt={'Singleton Functions only process one run at a time.'}
/>

<Callout variant="info">

    Singleton Functions are available in the TypeScript SDK starting from version 3.38.0.

</Callout>

## When to use Singleton Functions

Singleton Functions are useful when you want to ensure that only a single instance of a function is running at a time, for example:
- A third-party data synchronization workflow
- A compute- or time-intensive function that should not be run multiple times at the same time (ex: AI processing)

### Singleton compared to concurrency:

While [Concurrency](/docs/guides/concurrency) set to `1` ensures that only a single step of a given function is running at a time, Singleton Functions ensure that only a single run of a given function is happening at a time.

### Singleton compared to Rate Limiting:

> [Rate Limiting](/docs/guides/rate-limiting) is similar to Singleton Functions, but it is designed to limit the number of concurrent runs of a function, whereas Singleton Functions are designed to ensure that only a single run of a function occurs over a given time window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Rate Limiting](/docs/guides/rate-limiting) is similar to Singleton Functions, but it is designed to limit the number of runs started within a time period, whereas Singleton Functions are designed to ensure that only a single run of a function occurs over a given time window.
```
Edited for clarity - I think our rate limit feature is more about limiting the starts, not the concurrency.

Rate Limiting is useful for controlling the rate of execution of a function, while Singleton Functions are useful for ensuring that only a single run of a function occurs over a given time window.

## How it works

Singleton Functions are configured using the `singleton` property in the function definition.

> The following `data-sync` function will skip new runs if another run of the same function is already running for the same user:

Reviewer: suggestion - this is the first place that we reference "key" support, I think we should call that out explicitly either above or below this, similar to something like this: https://www.inngest.com/docs/guides/debounce#using-a-key

```ts
const dataSync = inngest.createFunction({
    id: "data-sync",
    singleton: {

>       key: "event.data.user_id",

Reviewer: Add "mode" skip here

The `mode` property configures the behavior of the Singleton Function.

- `"skip"` skips the new run.
- `"cancel"` cancels the existing run and starts the new one. */}

## Compatibility with other flow control features

Singleton Functions can be combined with other flow control features, with the following considerations:

| Flow control | Compatibility | Considerations |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [Debounce](/docs/guides/debounce) | ✅ | Can be used together without issues. |
| [Rate limiting](/docs/guides/rate-limiting) | ✅ | Similar functionality but rate limiting operates over a predefined time window rather than function execution duration. | 
| [Throttling](/docs/guides/throttling) | ✅ | Similar functionality but throttling enqueues events over time rather than discarding/canceling them. |
| [Concurrency](/docs/guides/concurrency) | ❌ | Singleton functions implicitly have a concurrency of 1. Concurrency settings are ignored, as singleton discards or cancels other runs. |
| [Batching](/docs/guides/batching) | ❌ | Not compatible with singleton functions. |

## FAQ

- possible limitations
- how does it work with retries

> - observability of discarded runs

Reviewer: Just making a note of TODOs that look incomplete 😁
